com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/TeleportOnExitFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.TeleportOnExitFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.TeleportOnExitFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/ConsoleCommandOnExitFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.ConsoleCommandOnExitFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.ConsoleCommandOnExitFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/helpers/MaterialFlag.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.helpers.MaterialFlag
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/wrappers/WorldGuardCommunicator.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.wrappers.WorldGuardCommunicator
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/FlySpeedFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.FlySpeedFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.FlySpeedFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/wrappers/AbstractRegionManagerWrapper.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.wrappers.AbstractRegionManagerWrapper
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/FlyFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.FlyFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.FlyFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/WorldGuardUtils.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.WorldGuardUtils
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.WorldGuardUtils$1
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/wrappers/AbstractRegionContainerWrapper.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.wrappers.AbstractRegionContainerWrapper
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/wrappers/HandlerWrapper.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.wrappers.HandlerWrapper
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.wrappers.HandlerWrapper$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/PlaySoundsFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.PlaySoundsFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.PlaySoundsFlagHandler$1
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.PlaySoundsFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/GlideFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.GlideFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.GlideFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/AbstractSpeedFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.AbstractSpeedFlagHandler
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/GodmodeFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.GodmodeFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.GodmodeFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/helpers/SoundDataFlag.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.helpers.SoundDataFlag
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/wrappers/AbstractRegionQueryWrapper.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.wrappers.AbstractRegionQueryWrapper
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/GiveEffectsFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.GiveEffectsFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.GiveEffectsFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/helpers/PotionEffectFlag.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.helpers.PotionEffectFlag
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/helpers/PotionEffectTypeFlag.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.helpers.PotionEffectTypeFlag
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/wrappers/AbstractSessionManagerWrapper.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.wrappers.AbstractSessionManagerWrapper
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/CommandOnEntryFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.CommandOnEntryFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.CommandOnEntryFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/utils/SupportedFeatures.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.utils.SupportedFeatures
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/helpers/BlockMaterialFlag.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.helpers.BlockMaterialFlag
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/TeleportOnEntryFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.TeleportOnEntryFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.TeleportOnEntryFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/helpers/ForcedStateFlag.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.helpers.ForcedStateFlag
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.helpers.ForcedStateFlag$ForcedState
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/WalkSpeedFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.WalkSpeedFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.WalkSpeedFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/data/SoundData.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.data.SoundData
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/ConsoleCommandOnEntryFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.ConsoleCommandOnEntryFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.ConsoleCommandOnEntryFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/BlockedEffectsFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.BlockedEffectsFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.BlockedEffectsFlagHandler$Factory
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/Flags.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.Flags
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/we/WorldEditUtils.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.we.WorldEditUtils
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/flags/data/PotionEffectDetails.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.flags.data.PotionEffectDetails
com/dumbdogdiner/worldguardextraflags/worldguard/handlers/CommandOnExitFlagHandler.java
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.CommandOnExitFlagHandler
 com.dumbdogdiner.worldguardextraflags.worldguard.handlers.CommandOnExitFlagHandler$Factory
